---
title: 合肥字幕组01
date: 2025-02-20 22:52:14
tags:
- 英语
- 英语字幕
---
Hi I'm Juliet from LA, but thanks to my mom, I had to change my identity and become Jessica. 
Before I continue, please like and subscribe. 
My mom is French, and she moved to the US before I was born. to become a successful actress. 
And she did get super famous. 
Her life was always in the spotlight, and that included me. I always loved the attention, and when I joined school, everyone knew me and wanted to be my friend. 
It was awesome until one day it wasn't. 
I was in the 5th grade when mom took me to the opening of a fancy French restaurant. 
But when the head chef brought our food, I almost threw up. 
What is that? 
Frog legs and baby snails. Mademoiselle
Ew Gross. Could I just have some French fries please?
The chef gasped like I'd killed his mother. 
You you insult me, I make the best French food in the world. 
So I asked for French fries. 
I don't make French fries. 
I'm going to McDonald's. You suck. 
I jumped off my chair and started running out to my car. 
Suddenly, I tripped and crashed straight into a waiter, And we both landed flat on our faces. 
I turned around to see everyone staring at me, and mom looked mad. 
OK, this was embarrassing, but who cares if some strangers saw me? Right? Wrong.
The next day, it was all over tabloid magazines and the internet, pictures of me on the floor with my butt showing. 
And in school, I was the butt of every joke, literally.
I was hating school now. But I found a way to escape soon. 
mom was going abroad to film a movie for six months, and I begged her to take me along, and well, I just never returned. 
I traveled the world with my mom and had private tutors, and when I turned 13, I got into modeling myself. 
Once, when I was 15, I was lounging in a pool chair when suddenly a puppy looked at me, and I screamed as it started chasing me. 
I ran indoors and crashed straight into someone, a rather cute, nerdy-looking boy. 
I muttered an apology and was walking away when he called out-hey, look, it's Beyonce. 
Oh my God, where? 
I don't really know why I said that. 
Hi I'm Michael, a huge fan. 
We actually ended up having dinner together. and it was the best time I'd had in ages. 
He was funny and clearly smitten with me. 
Later that night, I realized what was missing from my life. 
A boyfriend, Maybe it was time to go back to high school and get one. 
It would be easy for a famous teen model, right? wrong.
When we got back to LA, mom had some shocking news for me. 
Turns out, she had a new life plan, and that was Tariq an Arab billionaire who was obsessed with her.
They were getting married and she was leaving her whole life behind, including me 
what? how could you do that? 
oh, you know Tariq doesn't want any kids. 
but how will I live on my own? 
you'll be living with your aunt. you're young with years of fame ahead, mom cheri. I have to think of myself now. my looks aren't going to last forever. 
that was the worst thing that ever happened to me. 
nope. wrong again.
two days after their wedding, I woke up to hundreds of tags on Instagram, apparently Tariq was a diamond smuggler, and both he and mom had been arrested in an airport. 
after that my life was a mess. I couldn't go anywhere without being pounded by reporters. 
how does it feel to be a criminal's daughter? did you know anything? did your mother just abandon you and leave you with that crook?
it looked like any chance of going to high school and having a normal life was ruined. 
but then I decided I wasn't going to let all this stop me. there was one solution. 
I talked to aunt about it and she agreed. she hooked me up with hair and makeup professionals and a plastic surgeon. 
after dyeing my hair, learning how to put on makeup and getting a nose job, I was unrecognizable. 
now I was just a nobody named Jessica, without my fame to fall back on. 
I was feeling lost on my first day of school, just then I saw a pretty girl standing by the notice board, and I walked up to her. 
hi, I'm Jessica, and...
ah, why are you talking to me?
I'm new here and I was wondering if you'd help me find my class. 
I'm new too, how should I know? 
right? well, thanks. anyway.
okay， I'll be your friend. you don't have to beg. I'm Ashley and I'll help you. you're welcome. 
Ashley was kind of weird, but I was just glad to have a friend, and as we hung out more. 
I realized that the tough mean girl thing was just an act. 
a week later, I signed up for a charity bake sale in school. 
as Ashley helped me set up my stall, she popped a cookie in her mouth. 
Mmm, so yum. I'll buy all of them. 
what? that's like 200 cookies. 
it's for a good cause. here, take my money. 
what's wrong with my cookies Ashley? 
nothing. but I took a big bite of one and spat it out. 
that's disgusting. did I use salt instead of sugar. 
Ashley burst out laughing, and so did I. 
you bought them all because they're so terrible? 
that's actually really sweet. 
unlike your cookies, you got some crumbs. 
as Ashley brushed them off my mouth
I suddenly felt butterflies
what the heck
and that's when a flying basketball hit me
right in the face
then I blacked out
I opened my eyes to find myself in the nurse's room
and two faces around me
one was Ashley and the other was Michael
thank god your awake
I'm so sorry Jessica right
I wasn't imagining it
it really was Michael and even cuter than I remembered
but he didn't know who I was
so I was really surprised when he said
I feel terrible
could I
make this up to you by taking you out for dinner
sometime as we exchanged numbers and he left
Ashley looked really annoyed
Jessica you don't even know the guy
I'll get to know him when I date him
what's the matter ash
nothing whatever
I started seeing Michael and I was quite enjoying it
except that ever since he came along
I could feel Ashley being distant
and that was bothering me
one evening when Michael dropped me at home
he suddenly drew me close
Jessica I really like you
I I think I'm falling for you
and then he kissed me
it was my very first kiss and it was lovely
when I went to my room I nearly screamed
Ashley was sitting on my bed looking livid
Geez you scared me
so you avoid me in school but break into my room
what's your problem anyway
I don't want you dating Michael
why you like him
no you idiot I like you
oh that does make more sense
I know you're with Michael and I'm happy for you
blah blah blah
but I just had to tell you
I guess we'll only be friends then
but she came closer and suddenly she was kissing me
it was my very first kiss with a girl and it was lovely
just then someone tapped on the window
and it was Michael
looking mad you forgot your scarf
Wanna tell me what's going on here
as the two stared at me I sank down on my bed
guys I'm so confused
I like you Michael really
but I like Ashley too
I know you two won't wait around for me to decide
oh I will I'm not giving up on us so easily
yeah me neither
why don't you date both of us for two weeks
and then this
I just wow they were both willing to fight for me
this was amazing
and I agreed may the best man win or woman
my first date of the week was with Ashley
and she'd planned an amazing picnic
she fed me
chocolate covered strawberries and red me poetry
it was so romantic
just then someone came and sat down next to us
fancy bumping into you guys here
I was just on my run
then why don't you
run away and keep going till we can't see you
relax I'm leaving
oh Jess
I gotta tell you what I've got planned for our date
it's epic he whipped out two tickets from his pocket
for a Beyonce concert
I shrieked and hugged him
but quickly pushed him away when I saw Ashley's face
the next night
I was having a blast at the concert
with Michael
when someone touched my shoulder it was Ashley
your crashinger date
wonder where I got that idea from
but this isn't about you dude
Jess I got my dad to pull some strings
and I have backstage passes
we can actually meet Beyonce
Omg what
what about me I don't know
go home I'll have Jessica dropped don't worry
I felt sorry for poor Michael
but I wasn't missing a chance to meet Queen Bee
the next few days went the same way
they both kept planning amazing dates for me
and kept ruining them for each other
one night
Ashley and I managed to have a romantic dinner
without Michael dropping in
and she was kissing me goodnight at my door when
suddenly the locket I was wearing got
tangled with hers and fell off
before I could pick it up
she did and saw the picture inside chess
why do you have a picture of this
famous actress and her kid
I should have lied but I just didn't want to
that kid it's me and she's my mom
I told her how hard things got after Mom's arrest and
how I just wanted a fresh start
she looked stunned but then she hugged me tight
your secret's safe with me Jessica
or can I call you Juliet
I think I'd like that
she was about to kiss me again when suddenly
Michael sprang out of nowhere
hey babe
I just dropped by with some cookie dough ice cream
your favorite
she just had dessert
she doesn't want your stupid ice cream
why don't you let her speak for yourself
are you her lawyer
why don't you get a life and stop crashing our dates
why don't you jump off a bridge enough
I'm so tired of this
you're so busy fighting each other
no one's even looking at me
this is not what I wanted
figure out a way to make this work
or I'm done with you both
I snatched the ice cream from Michael and stormed off
they were being so annoying
the next day that was the least of my problems
aunt woke me up to see the news and I watched in horror
my secret was out
it was everywhere
and hundreds of reporters were
gathered outside of our house
wanting to talk to me
what a nightmare
but what really hurt
was that there was only one person
who could have leaked that information Ashley
how could you do this
I trusted you and you took
less than a second to betray me
how much did you get paid for this Ashley
I swear Juliet I didn't do it
there's no one else who could
stop lying and don't ever talk to me again
later that night once all the media people had left
Michael paid me a visit
how could you lie about this Juliet
you should have told me who you really are
why I didn't want to be that person anymore
and I just didn't want to tell anyone
obviously you told someone
just wasn't me
Michael please forget it
you lied to me
we're done in a day
I'd lost both my boyfriend and girlfriend
but I was too angry to care
Michael was only thinking of himself and not
what I was going through
and Ashley I'd never forgive her
one day as I was wondering what I'd do next
I got the most unexpected call
oh Juliet I've missed you mom where are you
mom then told me she got out of jail
got a divorce from Tarik and settled in Paris
I'm so sorry for leaving you and for
everything I've put you through
I read all of the news
but I must say
you're even prettier with your new nose job
why did you call call me mom come to Perez Montiari
I know lots of agents here
and they would love to sign you
don't hide away and waste your talent
you were meant to be a model
I was still so mad at her but I had to think about it
I was done with this place and to be honest
didn't miss my career
maybe Paris was exactly what I needed
I still don't trust you mom
and don't expect that I'll forgive you any time soon
but I did pack my bags for Paris
then I ended up loving it there
I joined the high school
and my modeling was picking up once more
then one day I read the most surprising news
the plastic surgeon who done my nose job
was being sued for leaking the
identities of many clients to the press
oh my God it was him not Ashley
just then I heard the doorbell ring
and I opened the door to find Ashley standing there
hi how
how did you find me I beg your aunt to tell me
Juliet I didn't betray you
I know that now
I'm sorry don't be
it's okay just tell me this
if none of this had happened
it would have won me or Michael
Michael wasn't even close
it was you Ashley
it's you and then I kissed her

