---
title: 情景英语
date: 2025-02-16 20:51:05
tags:
- 英语
- 情景英语 
---

# 喝牛奶

This is a bottle of milk. To drink the milk, first we need to twist off the cap.This is a straw. We need to tear open the package and then take out the straw. The straw has two ends, flat end and pointy end. We put the pointy end into the bottle, and put it all the way down to the bottom. Now you can enjoy your milk.

twist off：拧开
tear open：拆开/撕开
two ends：两端
flat end：平端
pointy end：尖端
put it all the way down to the bottom：插到瓶底

# 饮水机接水

This is a glass,and this is a water dispenser, this is a jug. I can get some water from the water dispenser. The water dispenser has two water outlets. A cold one and a hot one. I get some water from the cold water outlet, and then I get some hot water. I mix the cold water and hot water together. I get some warm water. The temperature is just right. Now I can drink it.

glass：玻璃杯
water dispenser：热水器
jug：桶
water outlets：出水口
cold water outlet：冷出水口
hot water outlet：热出水口
warm water：温水

# 吃红薯

Today，my breakfast is steamed sweet potato. The sweet potato is orange. color inside is much deeper than that on the outside, which mean this sweet potato is juicy. let’s have a taste. I’ll use my chopsticks to pinch a little bit of the sweet potato. It’s very hot,so I need to blow on it. can you see the white steam over it. I don’t want to burn my tongue. Okay it’s much cooler now. let me put it into my mouth. It tastes sweet and soft.

steamed sweet potato：蒸红薯
juicy：多汁的
chopsticks：筷子
pinch a little bit of：夹一点
blow on：吹
white steam：白蒸汽
burn my tongue：烫到舌头

# 流鼻涕

It’s to bad. I have a runny nose, but I know how to blow my nose. Take a soft paper tissue, put it onto your nose. Press onto the right nostril. and blow through the other nostril into the tissue. wipe under your nose. fold up the tissue, throw it in a bin, and wash your hand. 

runny nose：流鼻涕
blow my nose：擤鼻涕
tissue：纸巾
right nostril：右鼻孔
wipe under your nose：擦鼻子的下面
fold up the tissure：把纸叠上
throw it in a bin：扔到垃圾桶

# 套垃圾袋倒垃圾

This is a roll of trash bags. first unroll it, find the first dotted line, gently tear it off, try not to break it then open it, shake it in the air, then wrap the trash bag around the trash can. now you can throw trash into trash can. the trash is full, wo need to take out the trash, and throw it into the garbage bin in the community.

unroll：展开
dotted line：虚线
gently tear it off：轻轻地撕掉它
the trash is full：垃圾满了
take out the trash：取出垃圾
garbage bin：垃圾桶
community：小区

# 吃橘子

This is a tangerine. here is the stem. now I need to peel the tangerine, first use my fingernail to dig a hole, and the peel the tangerine. This is the pith, remove the pith. Hold the tangerine with both hands and then pull it apart. Now take a bite, it tastes sour. Don’t forget to spit out the seed.

tangerine：橘子
stem：茎
peel：削/剥
fingernail：指甲
dig a hole：挖个洞
pith：橘络
hold the tangerine：拿着橘子
pull it apart：把它掰开
take a bite：咬一口
spit out the seed：吐子

# 扣纽扣

I know how to fasten my buttons. First put the bottom corners next to each other, then put your thumb through the buttonhole. With the other hand take hole of the first button, bring the button next to the buttonhole and pull it through. I have done my first button. Continue all the way up to the top. Now it's all done. 

take hole of：拿住
pull it through：拉过去

# 叠袜子

How to fold a pair of socks neatly. First, put them on a flat surface and straighten them out. Then place one sock over the other, make sure their edges are aligned. Starting from the toe end roll all the way up to the cuff end. Once you've finished rolling, tuck the rolled part into the cuff. Okay now your socks are neatly folded.

neatly：整齐
flat surface：平坦的表面
straighten...out：拉直
edges are aligned：边缘对齐
toe end：脚趾端
all the way：一直
cuff end：袜口端    
tuck ... into ...：把...塞进

# 拉拉链

I know how to zip up my jacket. First, slide the slider down to the bottom, put the two corners  next to each other, insert the pin all the way into the slider, hold the bottom of        the slider with your fingers, then pull the tab upwards with your other hand and zip. 

zip up：拉上
pin：插头
pull the tab upwards：向上拉拉片

# 一瓶水

I put the bottle upright on the desk. I knock over the bottle. The bottle is sideways. The bottle fell off the desk. 

upright：竖着
knock over：打翻
fell off：掉下

# 荡秋千

Sit on the swing, hold tightly to the chains, you can swing back and forth. do you want me to give you a push?

swing：秋千
hold tightly：抓紧
back and forth：来回摆动

# 剥水煮蛋

This is a hard boiled egg, let's give it a tap, tap it on my forehead, the egg is too hard, let's tap it harder on the desk, you see it's cracked. can you see the cracks on it? let's roll it around on the desk, now let's peel the egg, peel the shell bit by bit, be gentle, try not to break the egg. you see the egg white is stuck on the shell. peel off all the shell. this is the egg white, and this is the yolk. 

hard boiled egg：水煮蛋
give it a tap：敲一敲
forehead：额头
roll it around：滚一滚
bit by bit：一点一点
stuck on：...粘在...上面
egg white：蛋白
yolk：蛋黄

# 上厕所

I can't hold it, I need to go to the bathroom and take a poop. I lift up the toilet lid, pull down my pants, sit on the toilet seat, finish, I get some toilet paper and wipe the bottom, I throw the used toilet paper into the trash can, I pull up your pants, I push the button and flush the toilet. It's bad, toilet is clogged, I need to unclog the toilet with plunger, finally, I put the toilet lid down. 

# 洗手

My hands are dirty, I need to wash my hands, First, roll up your sleeves, turn on the faucet, wet your hands, wet your hands, put soap on your hands, rub your hands together, turn off the faucet, dry your hands with a towel.

# 洗脸

How to wash your face. My face is messy, Let's wash your face, come into the bathroom, turn on the water, feel the temperature, Let's make it warm but not too hot, Use your hands to get your face nice and wet, wet your washcloth, wring it out, wash your forehead, wash your cheeks, wash your chin, wash your neck, wring the washcloth to dry, turn off the water please, dry your face with a towel. rub some lotion on your skin. rub in your hands. New your face is all clear. 

cheeks：脸颊
chin：下巴
